1. Do you like dancing?
No, I don't like dancing. I'm not a big music fan, and dancing makes me fell uncomfortable and selfconscious?
2. Has anyone taugh you to dance?
No, I 've never been interested in learning to dance, so I've never taken any lessons or asked anyone to show me hoow to do it.
3. Do you thikn that traditional dancing will be popular in the future?
I'm afraid  I have no idea becuase I don't follow what's happening in dancing worlds? I suppose it will always be popular with some people.

MOVIE.
1. What kinds of movies do you like best?
I likes comedies. First of all, comedies are great fun. What I mean to say is that I have  a good laugh  while watching. Secondly, comedies seldom contais violent scenes. For instance, you would not easily find murders, shooting, fighting, and so on in a comedy. Lstly, comedies often contains excellent acting by famous stars. For example, Robibie Williams Mrs DoubleFire is considered one of teh most extraoordinary perormance ever by an actor. 
2. Do you often go to the cinema?
Yes, I go to cinema as often as possible. I usually go with some friends to watch the latest action movies or comedies. We have a great time, like for example when our favorit star is playing a lead role in the movie.
Yes, I go to the cinema as often as possible. I bleive that films are a wonderful form of art. Please allow me to explain. Firstly, in films tehre are a wide range of fenres ranging form commedy and rama, to horror and science fiction. For exaple, resntly I have  seen the drama titanic, which has been described as the most exprensive file vever made. The extent to which the producers attended to teh details of teh original ship was astounding. Another example would be the thriller with my favorite actor Anthony Hopkins in the lead roole called Silence of the lamebs. It has me on the edge of my seat for most of the tiem.
3. Do you oten go to the theatr>
 No. I have never been to teh treatr. Firstly, it is too expensive for me. I prefer to go to teh cnimema. Seconly, I belive that the threar is boring. What I mean to say is that the actors are on the same stage the whole time. I cannot see how taht can be excitting as a good movi.
 Who is yor favorit movie star?
 My favorit movie star is Jacke Chan. He is handsome and very funny. He always has asmile on his face, and never seems to be worried about the situations that he finds himself in. So live him very much.
