1.What is Email? Or what do you know about email?
Email means electrnic mail wihich can be sent and received via internet. It is a system for receiving, sending, and stroing electorinc messages. It is  one of the popular ways of communication around the world with the speard of the Internet nowadays. In many case, email has become the prefermethod for both personal and business communication.
2. Do you send and receive email regularly?
Yes, email is indespensable part of my life and I regualrly send and receive email for communication. Every day I send at least 2 to  7 emails to different people for different purposes.
Who do you ussually communicate with?
I communicate with my relatves who live in defferent contries as well as with my reindes. Some times I have to seand emails my clients.
How often do you check your maimail?
I chek my email everyday. In fact, I check my mail inbox at least twice a day.
Do you think writing email has strengthrend or weakened people writing skills?
It is obvious that wring or composing emails is very beneficail for improving writing capability. Anyone can improve his capability by writing email regularly.
What are some disavantages. Only one think taht comes in my mind is that the tradition of wrting letters is disapperard gradually due to email and mobile message.

What do you do
I'm a/an + job
a nurse, a doctor, an engineer.
I work in  place or general area.
a hospial/an office marketing / social
I work for  + name, pace of the company
Union bank/ IBM/ Fiat /an international bank.
What your job involves
I'm in charge of 
a big company
I'm responsible for
some workers in that department
I have to deal with
 any complints / overseas clients, mainly
 I run 
 the comany / a restaurant
 I manage
  a shop in downtown
  Daily duties/ rountines
  I have to go / attend (informal?
   a lot of meetings /conferences
   I visit /see meet
   patients / clients
   I advise 
   people, clients and vive them help
   It involves
   writing letters/ filling in forms / doing a lot of peaperwork / using computers a lot of teh time
   
