1. Do you live with your family?
Yes, I do live with my family. For a few years my parents had admitted me to a hostel. That time I did not live with them. Life was quite difficalt at that time. But now I hlvie with my family. It's best place to be.
No, I don't. I have to lived in my collage hostel for 3 years. My house  extremaly fare from my college so I cant's live with my family. The hostel which I live in is a beatiful place and my roomemates are very freind and kind byt I always feel homesick because nowhere is better than home.
2. In your family whom do you live the most?
I have a small family. I like all the members very much. But i get along best with my younger brother. Tehre is only on=year deffeence between my brother and me. So we can share our experiences with each other. He is not only my brother but also a great freind and guide. He gives me good advice for my life. I love hime very much.
I like my mother most because of many reasons. Firstly, she loves me very much and understantds me very well. Secondly, she always encourages me do better jobs and to be a good human being. Thirdly, my mom has a very pleasant personality..
3. How much  time do you spend with your family members?
I am a working person, so it is difficult to spend a lot of time with my family. But I try to spend most of the evenings with them. I also plan to do something with my family on Sundays. It is a ful in my hose to have dinner together. So however busy we are, we have to meet during dinner.
When I get spare/ free/ leisure thiem I spend time with my family memebers. Generally, in the weekend, we enjoy our time together.
4. Who do you rsemble in your family>
I resemble my mother. Many of my facial features are like her. When people look at me they can easily say that I am my mother's child. Whe resemble each other not only by our facial features but also our nature. My mother is a cool person. Sher rarely gets angry. Even if we do something wrong, she will explain it to us but not get angry. I am the same. I always keep cool, always enjoy myself and accecpt livfe the way it comes.
5. What is an ideal family?
An ideal family should be a family with lots of true love. Thre should be intimatacy among the members. Each member should be ever ready to help each other in times of difficulty. They should be co-operative, understanding, loving and caring.
6. Are poeple in your country generally close to their families?
It;s a very intersting question. If you ask for my honest opinion then i have to say yes. My country people are very friendly with their family members and they have a strong bond betweeen them.
