1. Are your friends mostly your age or different ages?
Most of my freidns are about the same age as me becasue we met at school or university. I've got  one or two friends wha are older or younger that iI met through work.
2. Do you usually see your friends during the week or at weekends?
I tend to meet up with my friends at weeends becuase everyone's too busy during the week.
3. The las time you saw your freinds, what did you do to gether?
It was one of my friends' birthday last weekend. Six of us went out for a meal to celebbrate.
In what ways are your freinds improtant to you?
I think it's im portant to have friends that you can talk to and share expreriencs with. My friends make me very understanding. He shoudl be ready to hekp his friends at any tie. (He should be with his greidn at all times, in tiems of happiness as well as in time. H e shoudl be with his friends at all tiems, in thiesm of heppiness as well as in thies of sorrow.) He shuod be sensitive towards the feeling s of his freidn and always assure hime of his freindship.
Can you talk about your best freinds?
My bes freind is How. We were in the same class for 10 years. At that time, we often gather together to study an play. Now, we workd in the same company . She is like my sister, but even more than that. I mean, I will do nearly any thing for her and so will she.
Thank is my best freind. He has benen my freind since my childhood. We have groun up together. He knows everything about me, my likes, mu dislikes, mu different modods,etc.. So, he understands me very well. Since we know each other sicne my childhood, he has become like a family member. We are alwasys together. We do everything together. Sometiems due to our work we don't meet for a long time. But when we meet we catch up on each other's life. We are really good together.
Among all my freids, Long is my best freind. We are freinds since our scool days. We studied together in the same class. We went to cooleage together. We sat on the same bench for attending our leactures and went to the library or canteen of the colleaage together. After our college we usaually went together to watch movies, attend parties or even shopping. There are lots of qualities I appreciate about hime. He is kind, hard working and very serious. He is a picture of determination and sincerity. He is cmiited towards his job He is very much important to me in my life because he is a person whom I trust the most. He always stood by me in all ups and downs and he is teh person with whom I can share my personal  feelings. This is my brief description of my best freind.
Whst do you dislike about your freind?
My friend is very impulsive. He makes quick decisions without thinking aobut the consequences  or thinking about teh future. He is otherwise very understanding towards others. But for himself, if he likes something one day he will do it. But he may chagne it very next day. And he my doing another thing the third day. Every time he stards something he fell that it is good for hiem,  but changees when he feels that somethings ellse is better. I do not like this attitude of his.
What is the improtance of friends in our life?
 Freinds have a very important role to play in our lives. Freinds are people we grow up with. We need freinds in our  life to share our feeling, thougths, ideas, emotions etc, We can also shre some palns of our life and also so menay other things, wich we cannot discuss, with our family members, It is freinds who are with us all our lives, in happpy times, as well as sad times. They are there to advis and gide us at all tiems. Teh undersatnad us and our fieelings adn are the best people to movite and uencourage us.
