1. Do you have any hobby?
Yes, My hobby is stamp collecting. I have been collecting stamps for the past two year s now. Taht is to say, for two years I have chosen stamp collecting to be my only hobby. I regularly spend time working on my collection.I guess I spend about two yours every week on my hobby. This is mainlyover weekends, as I donot have time during the week.
2. Whey have you chosen this hooby>
First of all, when you collect stamps, your are able to learn more about the world, and ou will not be bored easily. What I mean to say its that our can get stamps form every contry in the world, and the samps often say something about that country and its people. Secondly, your are able to meet new freinds through your hobby. For instance, you have a common interst with someone else, and you can discuss your collections together for many hours. Lastly, the hobby will teach you some self-descipline and how to be very systematic. That is to say, you have to teand to do your collecting regularly, and you have to sort the samps according to intenationally recognized systems.
3. Do you prefer to stay alone or with our friends?
I prefer to be alone. I like reading, which takes a lot of my time. Rading to me is a way of studing, so I have to do it alone,. I often have to check the meaning of umfamiliar words in my dictionary, which is a slow process taking a lot of time. 
I prefer to stay with my friends. Please allow me to explain. At work, I spend most of my time alone in my office. So after work I like to be with other people. I often invite some of my freinds over, and we listen to our favorit music, or just tchat the whole evening.
Sometimes I prefer to be alone. for example, after a hard day at work. I jus want to relax without anybody disturbing me. Those are the times that i might mediate on teh meaning of life or jus savor some god memories. On teh other hand, sometiems I want to be with my firends. for exapmple, over weekends, I like to go out with them and enjoy delicious food together.
4. What do you usually do on weekends and weekdays?
On weekdays I go to school. One weekends I like to go out with my freinds. For example, we will go and visit new shopping malls in the city. Then we will browse around all the shoops. Sometimes, we will sit in a restautant and have something to drink. I like the feeling of drinking and seeing teh crowds of people go by.
5. What do you usually do when you go out?
I usually go shopping iwth my mother. The reason for this is simple. We are women. We need a lot of clothes to make us look beautiful, so we love to go shopping. Often we don't actully buy anything, but just browse around looking at all the clothes and comparing prieces and quality.
5. What do you usually do the your friend?
We  usually go to the cinemas. My freinds and I like cartoons very much. so we often search on the Internet to see if there's a new cartoon being shown or not. In addition, we like to watch a good action movie from time to time. We find the spectacular crashes and explosions very exciting. These movies are from Hong Kong or Hollywood, and have famous actors, like Jackie Chan and Tom Cruise playing in them.
6. What are good hobbies and bad hobbies? Why?
Im my opinion, good hobbies are thsoe that give you opportunity to develop a new skill. For example, collecting stamps teaches you to be systematic. Bad hobbies, on the other hand, my resul in you acquiring bad habits. For example, TV and computer games will result in you neglecting your studies.
