1. Where are you from? ( where is your hometown?)
I come from Nam Dinh. My parents have been living there for the past forty years or so.
I grew up there and attended a well-know school called Hong Phong High School.
Whe live in a respectable area with restaurants, shops and a variety of other businesses.
People in our building are generally gentle and  friendly, which make it pleasure to live there.
2. Do you like your hometown?(why?)
Yes,  i like living in Nam Dinh, Because it's the place where most of my friends live, and because there are plenty of things to do there. there one thing i dont like is the weather.
3. Where do you live now?
I am living iwth my aunt in Hanoi at the mment. to be more exact, we live in an apartment building in one of the northern suburbs of the city. I have my own from and enjoy the privacy that it brings, but i am looking forward to the day i can have my own apartment. Although my aunt is 
very good and I love her very much., I would like to be more independent soon.
4. Is there much to to in your current city?
Oh yes, there's certainly lots to do there as it's a fairly big city. If you like going out in the evening, there are a lot of good restaurants and bars. If you prefer cultural activities there are museums and art galleries. but if you like nature, ther are lots of other things outside of the city which are easy to reach.
5. Can you tel me something about your hometown?
yes, certainly. Nam Dinh is in the norteast part of my country,. It is the capital of Nam Dinh province. Its population is about one milion people.
It has many industries such as textile  and garment indeustries, mechanical processing industries, and traditional trades.
In addition,  it is rich in history and culture. For example, form august 18-20 of each year, thre festival held in Nam Dinh called 
the Co Trach. This celebration honors General Tran Hung Dao, a 13th-century national hero who led Vietnamese forces to victory 
over the invading Mongols.
6. Can you tell me some famous landscapes or scenic spots in your hometown?
Sure. Firstly, I'd like to talk to you about Thien Truong Stadium - one of the biggest stadiums in Vietnam. It is currently used mostly 
for football matches and is the home stadium of Nam Dinh FC. The stadium holds 30,000 people. Thien Truong Stadium is located 
on Dang Xuan Thieu street, Nam Dinh city  opposite the Provincial People's Committee and the Committee of Nam Dinh. Nearby is Vi Hoang Lake, with a large natural grass field 115 meters by 72 meters, just behind My Dinh National Stadium. It has been considered as "Threatre of Dreams" by the Press. In 2003, Thien Truong Stadium was one of many venues to participate  in  organizing 2003 Southeast Asian Games, the female football matches were also held here. The national football teams and the Oplympics have chosen Thien Truong for international matches. Thien Truong Stadium is one of the best one the scale of the level 2 cities. The stadium has 20 doors, four  stages divided into A,B,C,D. Each stage A,B has seats for 7000 people, the stage C and D have 3000 seats. There are four rooms for athletes, four rooms for the coach, three rooms for health care, VIP rooms, and cafeteria area. Grass on the field is of a pure, fine cultivar imported from ThaiLand, in accordance with the climate in Vietnam.
7. Whare are the people like in your hometown?
Well, they are not any different for the people in any other large city. for example, here we also have good and bad people. Secondly, like everyone else, they are trying to work out a good life for themselves and their children. For example, parents are trying all they can to ensure that their children ceceive a good education.
They are mostly quite friendly, but as with most big cities everyone is often busy so it may seem as if they are not interested in speaking or having a chat. But if you live there you know that most people are quite happy to have a chat if they have time and will help you if needed.
