1. Do you use the internet much during the day?
Well ... If you are asking for my honest opinion the I have to say yes. I use at least  8hours internet per day.
2. Why do people use the Internet?
People use the internet for communication, education, games, movies, news,  and information.
3.What do you usually do on the Internet?
 I mainly use internet for educaiton purpose as well as for recreational purpose. I also wathch live games, music videos, concerts in net. I found important eBookes and documents for my education in internet.
 I usaully use the internet to communicate with my freinds and family. I also use the internet to watch and download movies.
 4. What are some advantages of the Internet?
 Internet is one of the greatest fifts of the modern science. There are tons of meris of internet. It is ver helpful for communication and it brings revolutionsnry chagne in jar education. Internet is a stored house of imprtant inforamtion and music. videos and others.
 What are somes disadvanteds?
 Everything has its pros and cons. Internet has some dark sighs also. There are many bad videso and adult contents available in internet which is very dangerous for the young people One may addict in net which is very bad for his future.
 Do people in your country use the Internet a lot?
 The things are change a lot in pass two decades.. All of the valueable information a vailable on the internet has helped people in wyasy that no one could ever have imagened even many many years abo. Form the internet, people can get a lot of information in a short period of time. Now people use internet nuch more thant before.
 Do you do any shopping on teh Internet?
 Internet shopping is very much popular around the globe. It saves time and money. People can access many web sites within a very short duration of time to compare costs, quality, service... But in my contry it is now much mopular. I do not do any shopoing on teh Internet because I don't believe in teh quality of online services.
 Do you think Internet is gaining more popularity that TV?
 Yes, I agree with you. I think that internet is gaining popularity day bay day . I personally believe that internet is more convenient. For instance, if I want to watch a program on internt then I can watch it at anytime. But if I wnat to watch a program on TV then I will have to wait for it.
