1. What is your current job?
I currently work as an office manager at a large marketing companyh. I've been in the job for about five years. I'm usaully assigned to work with a specific business in order to improve their sale through various marketing strateegies.
Im working  in a workshop of a large manufacturing platn at the moment. I grauduated form hgh school two yars ago, and went to work immediately. I am an assistant to one of teh automotive electricians in the workshop. I hve to assist my artisan in getting his jobs done. For instance, I have the responsibility to see whether  the tools are in good order, and that the workshop is always kept clean and tidy.
2. Do your hvave to work with other people?
Oh yes, all the time. It;s a big office and we all have to work as a team if we want to achiveve results. I have colleagues I need to liasise with such as the graphic desighers and I also have administration staff who work under me.
And of course I also have to work alongside the companies that we provid marketing for. So yes, I deffinitely have to work with other people.
3. Do you thik you will change jobs in the future?
Well, that;s not something. Im thinking about ath the moment  as I really enjob what  I do and it;s a really good company to work for. The pay is good and they have other good benefits such as flexi-time and end of year bonuese. but that said, change is always a good thing, so I can't see me being there forever. I'm sure I will change one day.
4. What do you do for living?
I work in the foreign trade department. I am a salesman. It is my job to bring foreign investors to the city to open up a business here.
5. Do you like your job?
I love my job becuase I have to talk to other people and tell them information  regarding different products.
6. What kind of job do you prefer in the future?
Im planning to become a Hotel Manager for two reasons. Firsly, I believe taht the hotel industry will be growing greatly in furture. For example peaple are becoming more affluent, and spend more and more their money  on holidyas,. In addithon, I believe taht after graduationg I will be able to find a good job anywhere in the world. What  I mean to say it that all hotels and resorts have the same objectives irrespective of where they are situated. Their aim is to ensure that thir guests have a good time and return again.
