1. What do you like to do in your free time?
I do quite a lot of sports actually. I play football mostly on Wednesday nights and Sunday afternoon with a local team. I also play tennis and squash when I can but I don't really get the time to do them as well every week. I work quite hard and the moment, so I don't get a lot of free tiem umfortunatly.
Well, these days, I surf on the Internest  in my spare time. I have jus bought  my first computer, and love to look for exciting web sites that have not known before. It is of course very time consuming, so I dont really have time for anything else. I have to mention that it is a educational activity. For example by means of web cams(vieo image for cameras set up at certain places> I am able to watch what wild animal are doing in many parts of the world. I particularly like to watch the polar bears playing with their cubs.
Leisure time activities are very importan to everyone. It is teh time when peaple cna do what they like. It is a good from of reaxing. It is good for the mid and the body. I lkie to watch televison and socialize with my freinds in my leisure time. I watch different things on television. It all depends on my mood. Sometimes when I am in a sad mood I like to watch some comedy programs to induce me to be jollier. I watch a lot of movies on telvison, especially action films. I also whatch some music channels, which revitalize me. I also love to socialize iwth my friends. We meet and enjoy ourselves by craking jokes and sharing our experiences of life. I love my leisure time.
2. Have your leisure activies changed since you were a child?
Not a great deal actually. I used to love playing football when I was young as well = I played a lot at school. Though of course I did all the other things kids loved to do such as going out on bike rides after shcool and things.
3. Do you prefer to spend your free time alone or with other people?
It depends on my mood really. I  think people need some thiem on their own. Sometimes my work is quit stressful and i have spend a lot of time ther with others, so it's  good to just get home and relax and read a book or something. But I get bored if I am alone too much so I like to go out and meet friends in the evening or play football.
