1. Do you have a vavorite number of a number that is special to you?
Yes, my favortite number is one becoasue it's the day I was born on. and it's my lycky number.
2. Do any numbers have special importance in your country?
Yes, certain ases are secial. Fore example, your 18th birthday is important because  it's when you are considered to become an adult.
3. Are you good at remembering numbers? Why/ Why not?
No, I'm not very good at remembering numbers. I don't think it's necessary to learn them by heart; I just save them on my phone.
4. What numbers do people often have to memoriez?
The most important number to remember on a daily basis is the pin number for your bank card. Without this you can't pay for anything or get cash out.

ART GALLERY
1. Are there many art galleries where you live?
No, not that I know of. I live in a small town so I don't think there are any, thogh we do have a fw museums and other cultureal institutions. In our capital city there aare quite a few art galleries, however.
2. Did you like to go art galleries because everything seemed so vibrant wiht color and energy. It has a lot of paintings form famous arties of our contry. And I could stand almost close enough to touch many things.
3. Should poeple have to pay to go to art galleries?
I think it depends really. If possible they should be free  becuase if people  do have to pay they are less likely to go and see it. But on the other hand, htes things cost money so a snall fee may be necessary if it can keep the art gallery going and keep it open. Ideally though government should pay for this as I believe this kind of thing  is paid for by our taxes.

TIME
1. Are you good at managing your time?
Actually I'd say I'm not too good! I don't rally havae a system in lace to organize things. I know some people have an electoric organizer or use  some device to plan what they are doing but I don't do that. But I always make sure I am on time for appointments and things like that, and I meet deadlines and get things done.
2. How do you mange your time?
As I said, I don't have any specific system in place to manage my time. For example, if I am at work and I have a lot of cases, I just go throgh them each day and decide which I need to tackle first. At work we do have an online diary wich I guess I use, so in that sense I do management time to an extent.
3. When  do you manage your time?
I think it is prpably when you are at work. When out of work, its not really going to affect things to much, or at least only yourself, if you are done in your house. But at work, it will cause  problems if you don't manage your time effectively because you could miss deadliens or miss appintments. You could lose your job. So at work is when it is most important to mange your time. 
