1. Do you like reading?
yes, I like reading a lot. I read all sorts of things, including novels, newspapers, magazines, and online articles.
No, I don't lkie reading. I do not have patience. In facet, I have never been able to ead a book from start to finish. Maybe the books I have tried are not interesting enough.
2. What kind of books do you like to read?
I mostly like to read biobraphies. I'm not sure why but it is interesting to read about people's real lives. especially when they have had interesting lives and have had to deal with many problems. I do read fiction as well, But I often find it difficult to get hold of a book that I really like. I also like reading about books to do with current affairs.
I like novels. Firstly, I like to rad a storyline that is full of intrigue and suspense. For example, many love stories have characters who are involved in all sorts of conflicts among the. The most common one known all over the world since ancient times is the so-called  love triangle.
I like to rad novels, autobiography, drama, short stories and fiction. Sometimes I also like to read spiritual and religious books. When I am sitting doing nothing, I read magazines on various topics: fiction, health,  films, etc.
3. Do you often read the newspapers or hear the news on television?
No, I never read a newpaper. I often watch TV if I want to know what is happening in VietNam and teh world. Newspapers take too much time to rad. Especially , the news on TV is short and to the point, and that's all I whant to know.
Yes, I do. I normally use the Internet to rad some electronic newspaper if I want to know what's happenting in my country and the world. For example, websites like CNN contain all the latest news on world events.
Secondly, I like to read about stories in depth, and this I cannot find in newspapers. For example, I often wold like to know the history behind a story. One the Internet I can do some reasarch right away, and so gain a broader perspective on the subject at hand.
I like to read the newspaper. I read thenewspaper everyday early in the morning. but, I also listen to news on the televison,. It is different when we listen to the news on the television. But it does not give all the details of the news. In the paper, we get all the statistics about a particular sistuation. So, I like the television and the newspaper.
4. Do you usually read for leisure or for workd purposes?
Well, I have to do a certain amount of reading as part of my job, but I probably rad more for enjoyment. I pick up a newspaper most days, and usually have a book on the go.
5. What was your favorite book or story when you were a child?
The first book that iI remember rally enjoying was Conan Detective. It only took me a few days to read because I liked it so much that I couldn't put it down.
6. Do you thinks it's important that children read regularly?
Definitely.  I think rading is possibly the most important skill that children  lean. The ability to rad ipens the door to all aspects of education.
7. When do you think is the best time to read?
I think any time is ok, but when I read I like to concentrate, so I can't read for a short time like on a bus ride  like some people do. I like to put time aside to  enjoy it. So if I have some free time at the weekend I might read for a few hours. And I nearly always read before I go to bed = this rally helps me to sleep.
8. What is the importance of reading?
Reading gives the highest kind of pleasure. When we are tired or our brain is wear, it s a helthy receration oto read. by reading we can get knowleadge, information and exposure to various subjects and study. By rading we can share expertiences of other people. We can allso relax and get entertainment.
