1. Are you  a student or do you have a job?
I am  a student at the moment. Im studying English at University of Languages and international Studies. We have classes in the mornings and afternoons. We have a number of foreign teachers who help us pronounce and use grammar correctly.
2. What are you studying at the moment?
Im studying english at university. It's a four year course, and I started three years ago, so I have one year left. I'm enjoying it a lot so I will be sad to finish.
3. What is your major?
My major is english. So, we have chance to practice four skills : listening, speaking, reading and writing everyday. I choose English as my major thanks to  its international popularity, espectially inthe business world. What i mean to say is that when i am able to communicate well in English, I am not only be able to study abroad and improve my qualificatios, but also master a very necessary tool for my future career.
4. What do you like most about your study?
Well, I guess the speaking part. Language is all about communication so when I am able to communicate with someone in English, I feel  I have achieved something. I particularly like your free talk sessions with foreign teachers. It gives me the opportunity to question them about their countries and cultures.
We learn about many things form the past such as politics and wars, but I like learning about how people lived in the past the most. Its amazing to see how our lives have changed so much form the past up until now. In some ways our lives have got much easier now, but in other ways the simplicity of life in teh past made people much happier. Learning about all taht is fascinating.
5. Can you tell me about your study habits?
I have well established study habits. For example, I always start promptly at eight in the evenings. I study for two hours, have a ten-minute break, and teh study for another two hours. I follow this habit from Mondays to the mornings and afternoons, and then take the evnings off to realax with my family or friends.
6. What do you hop to do in the future when you have finished?
I'm not sure at the moment, but I may go into teaching. This is whe I'm doing the IELTS, as I intend to carry on and do a Musters in a specific area of linguistics. I'll probably decide for sure what to do when I have completed that.
