1. Could you show me your identification card please?
 Hello. Sure here you are?
2. Could you tell me your full name please?
My full name is Bui Mai Ngoc. I am also called by my english name, which is vivian.
3. What shall i call you?
  You could call me Vivian.
4. How are you?
I am well, thank you, and yourshell?
5. Imf fine thanks. How old are you?
Im 24 years old. In other words, I was born in 1990 on the twenty-first july 1990, to be exact.
6. Does your name have any special meaning?
 Yes, my name does have some special meaning. Its the name of a flower symblizing the richness. My English name was given bt me by
 one of my high school teacher, and it does not have any special meaning really.
7. Is your name important to you?
- No, I don't think it can do anything for me. I belive a person have to work out his own life. Im planning to do this as well as i can.
- Not really. Im par of the new generation who do not attach to much significance to our names. Names were important ot the old genration as they have the opinion that it will determine yhour destiny
to some extent. However, I personally believe that i  myself will determine my destiny irrespective of what my name is. I will do this by  acquiring
good qualifications and by working hard.
8. what kind of persion are your?
- Im a simple and straightforward person. Im a very hard working person and believe in hard work and persistence. 
Im  an optimist, 
always think positively about everything. Im also very sensitive  by nature and have a lot of patience for everything.
- Im basically an extrovert. I love socializing and making friends. Im also honese and sicnere, not only wiht my
work but also with my friends. I am ever ready to help any person who take advantageof others. I lose my temper 
with such people and so get very angry.
9. Whare are your strong points> What is your weakness?
No man is perfaect in this world and similaryly I have certainly positive and negative aspects as well. 
Talking about positive aspects. I am a very hardworking person and believe in hard work and persistence.
I believe that with hard work  everything is achieveable. Secondly, I am a positve person who think positively.
Besides that I am an honese person who believes in honesty because without honesty nothing can survive for a long time. 
I am  a good listener too. And hence I absorb many things from others.
As far as negative aspects are concerned, I trust people very fast and this sometimes creates problems in my life. 
I am also very sensitive by nature and this crates a  lot of tension in my life. 
I am also quite a cool person and I don't get angry fast. Sometimes I feel people take advantagee of this. 
when I am involved in my workd  I cannot  think of anything else,
sometimes  I don't rememvber important thigns going on in my family also.
I know that this is not good, and so  I am trying to rectify the same.

